It got brighter!
"ALfheim, Neutral Territory, Legrue Corridor
January 21, 2025"
Night-vision magic? I guess
Spriggans are good for something.
Put that way, it kind of hurts.
But you should learn any magic you can.
You're only good at glamours though.
--Glamours?
--Projecting illusions.
It's not that useful
in combat, though.
Well, lame Spriggan magic might be
the difference between life and death.
That hurt even more.
The feelings I've hidden
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
Seeking only a miracle, I wander
through an endless darkness
If I stay here, I won't
ever see the future again
Tonight the moon summons me again.
Though I still cannot speak,
I keep crying out in my heart
My hidden feelings
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
If I can stay stronger a bit longer,
I will go beyond
this sky right in front of me
I will reach out towards
the future ahead of me
"The Legrue Corridor"
Don't just memorize words by rote.
Learn what the words of power mean,
and recall them by associating them
with the magic's effects.
I never thought I'd have to memorize
something like English words in a game.
Just so you know, the higher-ranked
spells have around 20 words.
--I'll stick to being a pure fighter...
--No complaining!
I got a message.
Sorry. Hold on.
Sure.
Recon again?
I'm sure it's nothing, but...
"It was just like I thought.
Be careful, s"
What's this? "S"?
Sa... Shi... Su...
--What's wrong?
--Well...
--Daddy, incoming signatures.
--Monsters?
No, players.
Lots of them. Twelve.
Twelve?
I've got a bad feeling.
Let's hide and let them pass.
But where?
Leave that to me.
H-Hey...
Talk as softly as you can.
If you're too loud, it'll break the spell.
Roger.
They'll be in view soon.
--What is that?
--They're not visible yet, are they?
It isn't a player. A bat, maybe?
It's red and small.
H-Hey, what's wrong?
That's a high-level tracing searcher!
We have to destroy it!
--We're going to run, Kirito!
--Can't we just hide again?
The enemy knows we blew up their tracer.
We won't be able to fool them.
And that was a fire-element familiar.
Which means the approaching party...
They're Salamanders?
But what would a group of
Salamanders be doing here?
It's a lake...
--Looks like we'll make it.
--Don't drop your guard and fall in.
Crap.
--That won't work.
--Then say so sooner.
It's your fault for being impatient.
This is an earth-magic barrier,
so physical attacks can't break it.
--Can we jump in the lake?
--Nope.
Supposedly, there are extremely
high-level monsters in the water.
Fighting without an Undine
backing you up would be suicidal.
Then fighting's our only option.
That is our only option,
but it might be a bit risky.
The fact they can use
such high-level earth magic
means they've teamed up
with mages that powerful.
Leafa, it's not that I don't
trust your skill with a sword,
but could you back me up
from here on out?
I want you behind me,
focusing on healing.
That way, I can fight
without worries.
They're countering Kirito perfectly!
Kirito!
He'll run out of HP at this rate...
Enough, Kirito!
If we lose, it'll just mean a few extra
hours of flying! Let's just give up!
No way.
As long as I'm alive, I won't
let any party members die.
I'll never let that happen!
Damn, what's he doing?
--This is your only chance!
--Chance?
Use all the mana you have left to
somehow block the next magic attack!
B-But that won't help.
Daddy, now!
An illusion-attribute spell...
But it only makes him
look like a big monster.
Is that you, Kirito?
Idiots! Don't break formation!
It just looks scary and has a long reach!
If we stay in formation as planned,
the damage won't be validated!
E-Explosion magic!
Retreat! Retreat!
Stop!
Kirito, let that one live!
That was amazing, right?
Ow...
Now, why don't you explain who sent you here?
--K-Kill me if you want!
--Why, you...
Man, did I go on a rampage!
Hey, nice fight.
That was a good plan. If I'd been alone,
I wouldn't have lasted a minute.
H-Hey, Kirito!
Now, now...
So I have an offer for you.
These are the items
and Yuld I won in this battle.
If you answer my questions,
I might just let you have them!
Really?
Totally.
Men.
They don't know how
to be subtle, do they?
Earlier this evening, G-Takusu...
The mage squad's leader, I mean...
He texted that I should
meet him here.
When I logged in, he said he would be
hunting two players with twelve.
I thought it was bullying, but he said the targets
defeated Kagemune, so it made sense.
Who's Kagemune?
The leader of a lancer squad.
He's famous for hunting Sylphs.
But he got wiped out in battle yesterday
and fled home. You did that, right?
So why did this G-Takusu guy
come after us?
I hear it's an order from higher up...
Something about you hindering the plan.
What plan?
They wouldn't tell a bottom feeder like me,
but it seems it's something big.
When I logged in today, I saw a huge
number of troops heading north.
North... They plan
to clear the World Tree?
No way.
The army would need at least
ancient-weapon-class gear...
...which is what
we've been saving for.
That's all I know. You weren't lying
about what you said earlier, were you?
No, I'd never lie about a trade.
Hey, that monster that was rampaging before...
That was you, right?
I think so...
What do you mean?
That happens sometimes... I snap
in battle and start forgetting things.
Scary.
Though I do mostly remember this last one.
I used the spell Yui suggested...
Now!
And then I got huge...
I lost my sword too,
so I just grabbed people.
You were chomping on them too.
Come to think of it, I got to feel like
a monster. It was a fun experience.
Um, what did they taste like?
The texture and flavor
of nearly burnt grilled beef.
Never mind. Don't say it.
So this is Legrue?
Ow...
--That one was your fault.
--Seriously!
But it was just a witty joke
meant to lighten up a tense vibe.
Next time you do that,
I'll slice you in half.
Yes, ma'am...
By the way, didn't you get a message
before those Salamanders attacked us?
Yeah, I forgot about that.
What's with Recon?
Did he fall asleep?
Why don't you try to reach him
on the other side?
Okay, I'll log out for a second and
check in with him... Wait for me, Kirito.
Take care of my body, Yui.
What?
Watch your dad so he doesn't
do anything to my body.
Roger!
Seriously...
"Are you sure you want to log out?"
"Shinichi Nagata Missed Call"
"Shinichi Nagata"
Hello? Nagata? What's going on?
You finally picked up!
You're late, Suguha!
I had in-game problems.
B-Big trouble!
Sigurd's coming after us...
N-Not only that, they sold out
the Sylph leader, Sakuya!
Sold her out?
What's that mean?
Start from the beginning.
There's no time...
Remember when the Salamanders
attacked us in the Ancient Forest?
Didn't you sense
something odd, Suguha?
Odd? Did something happen?
Sigurd said he'd act as a decoy
and drew three of them away.
--Now that you mention it...
--It wasn't like him.
Wouldn't he normally
make someone else do it?
That's true.
But what does that mean?
What I'm getting at is...
He's been colluding with the Salamanders.
Probably for quite a while!
Do you have any proof?
Something was bugging me,
so I've been following Sigurd since
this morning using an invisibility spell.
And I saw them also putting on
invisibility cloaks in a back alley.
So I was sure something
was about to happen.
Deep down in the sewers, there were
two weird guys waiting for them...
And wouldn't you know it,
they were Salamanders!
My hunch was right, so as I listened in,
they said they put a tracer on you.
What happened to you?
I'm still in the sewers, paralyzed by
a poison arrow. They have me.
That's why you called me IRL...
It's not just collusion!
Sakuya's supposed to form an alliance
with the Cait Siths today.
So she's secretly heading
to neutral territory.
Sigurd's going to have a large Salamander
force attack the signing ceremony!
I have to go!
--Welcome back, Leafa.
--Welcome back.
Kirito, I'm sorry.
I have to take care of
something right away.
It seems I don't
have time to explain.
And I probably might not
be able to return here...
Then you can explain
on the way.
We have to walk out
of here anyway, right?
All right.
In 40 minutes, past Butterfly Valley, the Sylph
and Cait Sith leaders will start a conference.
--I see. Can I ask some questions?
--Go ahead.
How do the Salamanders benefit from
attacking the Sylph and Cait Sith leaders?
First of all, they can interfere
with the alliance forming.
The Cait Sith wouldn't tolerate their leader
being killed because of a leak from the Sylph.
Yeah.
War could break out between
the Cait Siths and Sylphs.
And if you take out a territory's leader,
you get 30 percent of its money,
can occupy its towns for 10 days,
and freely levy taxes.
You can do that?
So, Kirito...
This is a Sylph problem, so there's
no reason for you to come with me.
If we go, we probably
won't make it back alive.
And we'd have to start
over from Sylvain again.
No, it's even possible that if you want
to reach the top of the World Tree,
you might be better off
working with the Salamanders.
If they pull this off, they'll be perfectly
positioned to try to clear the World Tree.
As a Spriggan, they might
hire you as a mercenary.
So even if you kill me here,
I won't have any complaints.
In the end, it's a game,
so anything goes.
If you want to kill, you kill.
If you want to steal, you steal.
I've met more people than I care to
who think that way. In a way, it's true.
I used to think that way too.
But it's not true. There are things you have
to protect because it is a virtual world.
I learned that from
someone important to me.
If you give in
to your urges here,
the price is that it changes
your personality in real life.
The player and
the character are one.
I like you, Leafa.
I want to be your friend.
No matter what the reason,
attacking someone for my own benefit
is something I'd never do.
Kirito...
Thank you.
Sorry, that was arrogant of me.
It's a bad habit...
No, it made me happy.
Crap... We're wasting time,
aren't we?
Yui, we're running.
Lead the way!
Roger!
--Give me your hand for a sec.
--U-Uh...
Let's go!
U-Uh, m-monsters!
There's the exit!
Higher and higher,
I reach out my arms
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
These endless feelings were
swallowed up into my daily life
Swaying as they
change shape yet again
Is it too late now? I ask
myself but receive no answer
It's all up to me now,
both the ending and the beginning
Higher and higher,
I reach out my arms
I'm going to spread my wings
and head towards that gentle light
Carrying the passion
I've lit in my heart
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
Next Time: "General of the Blazing Flame."